Dear Reader, 
     If you are actually reading this, I'm surprised and grateful as most people skip forwards. Anyways, now that I have your attention, it is my time to act immodestly and boast about myself and the story. You've been warned, so here goes: 
     I started this novella when I was in 7th grade, age 13. It was completed on March 30, 2018, on a plane trip to Costa Rica, surprisingly. I was in 8th grade, age 14, and was very excited to go on offshore fishing trips during the spring break.
     At the time, I had no close friends, apart from characters I met in books, but I was the first and only girl on my middle school’s flag football team. This led to a conversation I had with my father. When he was a kid growing up in the ‘70s, there was always a football game going on in some kid's yard. People also would play basketball and play catch outside of the baseball season.     
     The kids played together back then because there were no phones! Kids actually had to be creative! You wanted a tan? Then, you played outside; no one went to tanning salons. 
     Now, most people my generation follow celebrities and their ilk on Snapchat, Instagram, or some other social media app. When not trying to copy some-famous-person-whom-I've-never-heard-of’s style, teens post filler about themselves and would feel validated when they saw the number of likes increase. 
     Can I let you in on a little secret? No one cares if you had pizza or that you posted a pic with your friends. No one cares about your social life. They're just bored as they scan through and like everything they glimpse without really seeing it. They also want to feel validated, so they hope you return the favor and maybe follow them. For a few reasons, I had set this book in this time period for two reasons: so I wouldn't have to talk about insecure teens who post, in order to stroke their fragile egos, every time they crap (Find a different way to feel validated, seriously.) and because security wasn't as advanced back then, so writing a story about thieves would be less complicated. I recognize my story is strange and random (as was my life and as is yours), but all names, towns/streets, and the plot are fictitious and are not supposed to be taken seriously but, rather, light-heartedly. I hope you enjoy this unique tale.